By the way,
your father has this Sunday off.
Kiri and Yanagi are done with exams;
let's all go get refreshed!
Refreshed?
One of our members clued me
in on this really fun spot.
Someplace fun? What is it?
Here--check it out!
"Hakone Kowakien Yunessun"
Hakone Kowakien... Yunessun?
It's a hot spring where you can
suit up and swim--even in winter.
A hot spring? Wouldn't you get
dizzy swimming in one of those?
Apparently the water's
kept comfortably warm.
They have a regular hot spring, too.
I might prefer that.
So you can swim, huh?
You with us, Kiri? Looks fun, ri--
N-No way... Count me out.
I am definitely not going!
What the heck happened to you?!
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Episode 9:
Fujio Uzaki Wants Family Time!"
Good thing the weather
turned out all right!
Why was Kiri so dead
set against this, though?
Our kids are growing up so fast--it
could be any number of things.
Isn't he at an age
where he prefers being alone?
Yeah--his rebellious phase.
I really did want this
to be a family trip...
Fujio...
Ah, but Kiri's a guy.
He should be fine on his own.
Honestly, the one
I most want to enjoy this...
Hey, Hana, wouldn't you rather have
spent this weekend with your senpai?
But if this place turns out to be cool,
you can go with him next time!
Ugh, enough! Shut up already!
Aw, no need to blush!
F-Fujio... please drive safely, okay?
Why, you lousy little so-and-so...
W-What the--?!
That car behind me...
I don't like the looks of it!
Oh... Hana!
She's been coming home late these
days--and sometimes not at all.
Tsuki and Yanagi have met
this fellow of hers,
but they both just dance
around the subject.
Oh, beloved daughter of mine...
Are you already pulling
away from your father?
"What the heck"
"Who cares"
"Forget it"
Listen up, Hana:
You'll be fine in Kansai if you know
when to use "What the heck?"
"Who cares?" and "Forget it!"
What the heck?
Yes! Like that!
Look, Hana:
a beautiful sunset, just like those
Hotel Something Awaji commercials.
Who cares?
Attagirl, Hana! Your timing is perfect!
I want to spend more time with you...
I want to be at your side
to see your smiling face...
Eyes front, moron!
No matter what...
no matter what it takes...
My family will enjoy this day together!
And then!
Wha--is that an aura?! I see an aura!
This little trip will restore
our father-daughter bond!
"This anime is a work of fiction.
Drive safely and
follow the rules of the road."
Welcome!
Ooh, Hana, look!
That must be their mascot.
It's adorable!
It looks like that stuff in here!
You know, like they have in Italy?
Roman architecture?
Yeah, that!
Hana! There's a water slide outside!
It's called Rodeo Mountain.
They seem to like it.
Thank goodness...
Ooh--lukewarm. In a good way.
This feels great. Like a futon!
Hey, girls? There are lots
of other baths over there, too.
All right! C'mon, Hana!
A wine bath!
It's supposed to be rejuvenating.
I feel like Cleopatra!
Et tu?
That's Caesar and Brutus.
"*Subject to change due
to special events."
A coffee bath!
This smells amazing!
It helps you shake fatigue
and enhances the skin.
There's a saké bath, a green-tea bath...
Hana, Hana!
"Experience the Doctor Fish!"
"Doctor Fish (Garra rufa)"
Let's do this--doctor fish!
That's a new one!
I wanna try!
They're enjoying themselves.
I'm glad. I really am!
Why don't we check it out, too?
Forget it--way too tickly!
I can't last even ten seconds!
No can do! Count me out!
Hey now, you two, keep your
voices down! This is a public pla--
It really does tickle...
Keep your voice down,
too--for other reasons!
Nope, I'm out! Uncle!
Same here! Later!
Wait, you can't go off alone!
Are you okay, Fujio?
Phew, that was a close one.
Almost squashed the fish.
N-No! Not there!
No nibbling there!
F-Fujio! Stop making
weird noises in a public place!
Whew, that tickled!
We sure laughed a lot!
But I do think my feet
feel a little smoother.
I get that!
Where to next?
Wait till Mom and Dad catch up.
Hey, got a second?
You two are such cuties!
Where are you from?
Whoa, Hana, they're hitting on us.
Aw, man... what a pain.
I haven't had to deal with this lately.
Isn't that because you're
always with your senpai?
Oh, right. His nasty eyes
really do scare people away after all.
That's... not exactly it.
Hey, quit whispering
amongst yourselves, wouldja?
Wanna grab a drink over there?
"Café Restaurant Fontana"
No, thanks.
We're here with our family today.
Then give us your contact info.
Look, y'all, just so you know, we're in
middle school, and that's a crime.
Mid--?!
"Y'all"? Did she just say "y'all"?!
Middle school, yeah... that's, uh...
They bought it?!
Yeah. Might wanna touch base
again in five years or so...
Hey! What's the big idea?!
Get lost, punks!
We're sorry!
Of all the...
Rats! How could I let my ultra-cute girls
roam around in their swimsuits?
That's basically like tossing
raw meat into a safari park full of lions!
I brought them here
so they could enjoy themselves,
but it's all for nothing
if they wind up being hit on!
Um, Dad?
Hana, Yanagi, are you okay?
Did they do anything to you?
I'm sorry I took my eyes off you.
That was scary.
No, uh... why are you
silky-smooth all over?
Never mind me!
Don't be so worried. It's not like we were
ever going to go with them.
Besides... well...
Yeah.
You're never far away, Dad.
You'll always protect us.
Hana... Yanagi...
A mother of three?!
No way!
Um... this is problematic.
I'm here with my family,
and my children are waiting, so...
He's back!
What's with that dude?!
You just can't be too careful...
Hey, check that out!
What a body...
Wow...
Ugh! They just keep on coming!
Um, excuse me?
Your physique is incredible!
Do you work at it?
Er... would you mind
if we took some pictures?
"Photography is allowed
in some areas of Yunessun!"
--Nice!
--Look at those bulges!
--He's so smooth...
Sure thing!
Yesss!
Thank you!
How did Tsuki wind up with this man?
Look this way!
Okay, next pose, please!
Nice! Looking good, looking good!
What a smile!
He's huge!
Wow, look at that! Amazing!
Whoa, what is that?! Crazy!
What the...?
What on earth is that turning into?
Dad just loves it when
people compliment his muscles.
That physique really is something else.
How do I work out to get a body like that?
We keep working out hoping
for six-packs, but no luck.
See, with your abs...
Fine-tuning your diet is
enough to see some changes.
What you want is a balance
of proteins, fats, and carbs...
Now he's dishing out workout advice.
Still doing the trainer thing,
even on his day off...
This looks like it'll take a while.
I'm gonna go look around on my own.
Watch your step--be
careful you don't slip.
I will.
Whoa! What a view!
A little chilly, though,
since it's winter and all.
Cave baths...
Yes--shelter.
Now, how about lunch?
Good idea.
S-Senpai?!
Uzaki?!
What are you doing here?
Oh! What a coincidence!
Sakaki, don't tell me...
You planned this, Itsuhito?
No, no, no! I was completely
hands-off this time!
This is 100-percent
unadulterated coincidence!
But given how you usually operate...
--Right?
--Yeah.
Man, there is zero trust
in this relationship.
Uzaki...
All right. I swam my heart
out the other day--
I can talk with her normally again.
Itsuhito gave me a complimentary ticket,
so I tagged along.
Sak happened to be free,
so we popped over in my car.
Huh! I'm here with my family.
Huh.
This place sure is fun, huh?
Imagine, a hot spring with a water slide!
Have you tried it yet, Senpai?
No...
If you'd like to, I could come with.
What are you, my mother?
What now, Itsuhito?
What's that grin for?
Oh, just thinking how Sak hasn't mentioned
having a lot of free time lately.
I haven't?
No, sir.
And what are you trying to say
with that creepy smile of yours?
You know, that maybe it's because
you're always spending time with him.
In fact, lately Sak's the one who
hasn't been paying attention to me.
I can only get him to hang out
when you're not around.
I'd say you have
higher priority, all right.
Makes me kinda lonely... and kinda happy.
Oh, you're so full of it! Shut up!
Don't get all flustered, musclehead.
W-Well, I mean...
if you were that lonely, Senpai,
I-I'm sorry I couldn't
hang out with you today.
N-No, I'm fine!
So... what now?
I could join you two
and all hang out together.
No, let's not.
You're here with your family.
You should put them first.
You can always give me a shout, and
we'll hang out together some other time.
Senpai...
Yeah, enjoy some quality time
with your family today.
Kiri and Yanagi are done with exams;
let's all go get refreshed!
Hana, Yanagi, are you okay?
Did they do anything to you?
I'm sorry I took my eyes off you.
That was scary.
Yeah, you're right. I'll do that.
We can come back here together later!
Sure--just say the word.
Well, I'd better be getting back.
Right. See you at work tomorrow.
Yep!
Oh, and Senpai?
Aren't you going to say
what you always say?
That's another cute swimsuit
you've got on today.
Thanks.
Okay, Senpai--see you tomorrow!
Yeah.
You two, in your own little world...
I forgot!
Still...
What?
For us to be talking about enjoying
quality time with the family...
Yeah.
You going home for the holidays, Sak?
Mmm, probably not unless
they ask. What about you?
I'd rather ditch my family, too.
Now's the time to come up
with a good excuse not to see them.
We can do the New Year's shrine visit,
see the first sunrise.
Ooh, nice!
Invite Uzaki along, too.
Oh, Hana's back.
Well, you're in a good mood.
This place is fun!
Yes, with fresh air and a beautiful view.
I could stay in this warm water forever.
Yeah, but aren't you getting hungry?
Should we grab a bite to eat?
Let's call in our bodyguard, shall we?
Dad! We're leaving!
Mom, I'm hungry!
All right, all right.
I'll get started on dinner soon.
Here, Kiri--eat these in the meantime.
"I Went to Yunessun.
Lousy Cat"
Sounds like you really enjoyed yourselves.
It was fun!
You should have come, too.
They had a bunch of baths,
and then all these people came
around to admire Dad's muscles!
It turned into a
photo session and everything.
Why exactly did you go again?
These guys were flirting with Hana and me.
Flirting?!
Dad chased them off right away.
Man, that was classic.
I said Hana was in middle school,
and those guys believed me!
Hey, yeah! How dare you, Yanagi?!
Passing off a 20-year-old adult
as a middle-schooler!
Sorry about that!
Next time I'd like to spend the night.
You should come too, Kiri.
Yeah... if it's that much fun,
maybe I could go, too.
Sure, Dad--count me in next time!
Oho, okay!
Yep, your old dad'll
take you whenever you like!
Hana and Yanagi enjoyed
themselves this time around--
next we'll have a family trip
with the entire Uzaki clan.
Ah, dammit! I should have gone, too!
Hey, Dad, let's go next week, okay?
I'll skip club!
Oh, my!
But you hated the idea.
What the heck happened?
And what's your hurry?
Even runts like Hana and Yanagi
get hit on over there, right?
I might actually get
a college girl to flirt with me!
Oh, man, I am stoked! I can't wa--
Ow! What's the big idea?!
Who are you calling runts?
This? This is why
girls don't like you, Kiri.
You ruined it, you dum-dum!
--Well... this is our family, too.
--Where's the lie? You are runts!
--Keep saying stuff like that,
and you'll never have a girlfriend!
--Our family's usual...
--Keep saying stuff like that,
and you'll never have a girlfriend!
--Our family's usual...
--No wonder you're
not getting any taller.
What?! I am too!
And I will, too, have a girlfriend!
Your father's over here
crying tears of disappointment...
"Next Time"
"Episode 10:
We Want a Thrill Before Christmas!"